# documentation of card
 For our first project of this class we were assigned a business card website. The main objective of this project was to introduce the coding process and give us an idea of the website world rules. It also gave us a branding opportunity, to put our work together and get a gist of what kind of persona we want to put out into the industry.  When starting this class I honestly had no idea that coding was even going to be a part of it. I assumed it would be the rules of website design and simply making screen designs with FIGMA or illustrator. So i was in a bit of a freeze for the first few classes because i had no idea what i was doing. Working with GitHub, VSCode, LOTS of help from Lara, and watching svrimba tutorials, I have learned the basic language of coding and I'm not a fan of it. However once the process is over and my project is done, the end result is the best part. Making projects that can be accessed by anyone anytime is something that I value as a creator, I like to reach a wide variety of eyes. 
Something that I think makes my design stand out is its dusty feeling, using de-saturated colors to create an old-looking atmosphere. I love vintage things, from whiskey bottle labels to old architecture and using a old wallpaper for the background reminds me of the inside of those houses. I also have a hanging spider that draws your eyes to the bottom of the page, to show that not only can i design i can draw too! I used one of my favorite fonts Comfortaa for the body text (Graphic Design + Artsy Stuffs and the list of likes and dislikes). For the bigger text (Rylie England), I used the font Bodoni Moda. I wanted something bold with flat edges to create contrast between the comfortaa font ( a round, simple round font). 
For the accessibility aspect of the design, I wanted it to be interesting but making sure not to add too many elements so that it doesnt look confusing and cause eye strain. By using the adobe color tester, I made sure my colors chosen passed the color blind and contrasting test. Using illustrator i created my mock-up and mark-up of code i needed to use inorder to create my page. 

